Detect circular references for library and free functions (#10228)
ethereum/solidity: Changelog.md

Compiler Features:

>  * References Resolver: Detect circular references for libraries and free functions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * References Resolver: Detect circular references to other contracts across libraries and free functions
```

Compiler Features:
 * Command Line Interface: Drop experimental support for ``--machine evm15``.
 * Optimizer: Try to move ``and`` with constant inside ``or`` to improve storage writes of small types.

>  * References Resolver: Detect circular references to other contracts across libraries and free functions

Reviewer: Has to be moved.

 * SMTChecker: Report out of bounds index access for arrays and fixed bytes.
 * Standard JSON: Model checker option ``settings.modelChecker.targets`` also accepts ``outOfBounds``.
 * Yul Optimizer: Added a new step FunctionSpecializer, that specializes a function with its literal arguments.

>  * References Resolver: Detect circular references to other contracts across libraries and free functions

Reviewer: It is not really the references resolver. Cannot think of a better word now. We can just call it "Analysis" if we do not find a better word.

Also please use "code references". References is too general.

 * SMTChecker: Fix internal error in the BMC engine when inherited contract from a different source unit has private state variables.
 * SMTChecker: Fix internal error when ``array.push()`` is used as the LHS of an assignment.
 * Code generator: Fix missing creation dependency tracking for abstract contracts.

>  * References Resolver: Detect circular references for libraries and free functions

Reviewer 2: Needs a rebase and moving this to 0.7.6

Bugfixes:
 * AST Import: For constructors, a public visibility is ignored during importing.

>  * References Resolver: Detect circular references to other contracts across libraries and free functions

Reviewer: needs to be moved

Author: due to rebasing I didn't see the new release entry and thought you meant it should be moved to bugfixes (previously new features).
